So as I said in the last lecture now will verify how to test for the failure in the sense that the user
provided invalid input.
So you can see that when we provide values that are too short we see the two error messages.
So now we'll be testing for that.
So we need to create another test.
Let's call a test store fail
and create our paradigms.
So the title could be X and the content will also be just X so those two values will be too short
now we can copy this fragment because we'll be making the same call.
So we are sending parents to the post we expect a redirect because it also happens when we have invalid
values just that it redirects to the form.
Now we won't be checking for the status because it is being only added when the data is valid.
In this case we have another session variable and it is called errors.
So as I've explained that before it's being created automatically by Lovell and other globally so you
can use it anywhere you like.
So since we have our session variable errors lets who read it using the session function and assign
it to the messages variable.
And now before we proceed to checking it let's use D.D. inside the test to see what does it contain.
So you can also use data inside the tests.
Let's run it and you can see that it is an object of the type view error bug so by looking inside this
object you can see that it contains a property called bugs which is an array and that in our case it
only contains one element the default one.
So we would actually wants to access those messages inside the default bug.
So you can check the API of the lava objects on this page and you can even search for any other object
that you are interested in to see the larval internals and all this on and its object API so old variable
methods that you can call so in this case we do not really want to play with those bugs.
We will only want to access those default one so you can even view the source of this.
If you are a bug on this page by clicking view source and then by looking into it on github there is
this special method call which allows you to call any dynamic methods that are not defined are not part
of this object and in this case if we will call any method that doesn't exist here it will call it on
the default bug.
And since the default bug is of the type message bug let's go ahead and try to find this object inside
the API so search for the message bug.
And you have the least of all the available metals.
The one that we'll be using is called get messages so let's try that out.
So instead of fetching this individual box because we have only one we want to call get messages which
will be called on this object it's one of the larval magics it likes to do this stuff a lot.
So this is like the first time I've showed you this but lava is full of this features that sometimes
people that are used to defining older methods on the objects they're using in BHP might find it confusing
that we are calling a method that doesn't exist there.
But this is just how lava is built.
It contains a lot of this functionality all over the place and we will see that later with the models
that it is using some defaults and allows you to use some magic properties and metals all over the place.
And one of those examples are actually the model attributes like the title and content are not defined
on the model.
They use their magic access source that when you try to access a field that doesn't exist Lavell knows
that it should fetch the value of their model field.
OK so enough of this.
Now let's see what do we get by calling this get messages so we get the title and the content and those
are the race with all the errors about this particular field.
So now we should be able to do our CERT equals
and verify that the messages title first element of it is equal to the title match must be of these
five characters.
We can even copy that from the terminal
and now let's copy this line and check the same for the content.
So the first message for the content field is that it has to be at least 10 characters.
So let's base that inside here.
Now we can remove this line and this is our test.
So we are checking my posting to the posts and point with invalid parameters we expect our redirect
because it always happens when we have an error when we submit invalid data inside the forum and then
Lavell ultimately creates a session variable called errors that we can then access and read if there
are the errors that we expect it to be there.
So it's finally run peach.
You need
apparently.
I forgot to call.
Get messages here.
That's why we got an error.
Now let's rerun it again.
And now you can see that we have eight tests 16 assertions and everything is green.
So we are growing our lists of tests at making our application tested so whenever we change something
now we should immediately see that when we run the test that something may be have gone wrong.
So that would be it for this lecture.
And in the next one as promised I will show you how we can test the updates and deleting a model.